Oliver Goch

1. man -k prints all the commands that have a specific word in their man page

2. I used the which command to discover where
 each program is located in the system.
cp is in /usr/bin/cp and wc is in /usr/bin/wc

3. w - shows who is logged on and what they are doing
: - no effect
. - reads and executes commands from the filename provided in the current shell
[ - evaluates a conditional expression

4. The file /etc/alternatives/emacs is actually executed.
I used the readlink command which I discovered using man -k

5. g+s sets the group ID of the file to the group rather than the user
o-x removes execution permission for other users 
(users not in the file’s group)
I used man chmod to discover this.

6. The option that finds files modified within
 the last three weeks is -mtime -21
I found this using man find

7. I used the command find -mtime -21 -type d to find the directories modified
 in the last three weeks.
I know this because I found it in man find.

8. There are 246 files that are symbolic links in the same directory as find.
I used the command find
 /usr/bin -type l to do this and found that using man find.

9. The oldest regular file in /usr/lib is 
libgpg-error.so.0.10.0, last modified January 
26, 2014.
I found this out using man ls to discover than ls -lt was the proper command.
-l lists the all the file information,
 while -t sorts by modification time, newest first

10. locale gets its data from localedef
I determined this by looking at the man page for both commands

11. I found the emacs commands that have sort in them by doing C-h a sort
Buffer-menu-sort  
sort-columns
sort-fields 
sort-lines 
sort-numeric-fields
sort-pages 
sort-paragraphs
sort-regexp-fields 
tabulated-list-col-sort
tabulated-list-sort

12. C-M-a moves cursor to beginning of page
C-M-b moves cursor back one symbolic expression
C-M-c exits from the innermost recursive edit or minibuffer
C-M-d moves down one level of parentheses
C-M-e moves to end of current defun
C-M-f move forward one symbolic expression
C-M-g is undefined
C-M-h puts a mark at the end of this defun and a point at the beginning
The defun marked is the one that contains point or follows point

13. C-g signals a 'quit' condition. During execution
 of Lisp code, this character causes
a quit directly

14. yank reinserts the last stretch of killed text.

15. emacs displays the current and parent directory 